---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get started
  - /introduction/setting-up
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/truspondr
---

#title
The better way to roleplay.

#description
Enjoy fantasy worlds whilst knowing that everything is safe and sound. Create characters, worlds and memories with the click of button.

#extra
  ::list
  - Automatic backups & **fast** restoration
  - Speedy and modern admin console
  - Message searching
  - Live syncing across servers and channels
  - Web interfacts to allow users to manage characters and worlds
  ::

#support
  ::card
  #title
  Downloads
  #description
  Access the latest versions of both the backend server as well as the admin console.
  :button-link[v0.0.0]{icon="material-symbols:download-rounded" href="/downloads" blank}
  ::
::

::card-grid
#title
Tools

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=mdi:server}
  #title
  Truspondr Server
  #description
  The backend of the Truspondr project. Connect your Discord server to a backup system, as well as a powerful admin console and web interface
  ::

  ::card{icon=clarity:administrator-solid}
  #title
  Admin Console
  #description
  Manage your roleplays and backups with ease with the powerful admin console. Also supports message streaming to view messages being stored and transcribed in real-time.
  ::

  ::card{icon=material-symbols:web}
  #title
  Web Interface
  #description
  Allow users to manage their characters and worlds via a simple web interface, accessable anywhere in the world and secured by their Discord account.
  ::

  ::card{icon=ic:baseline-discord}
  #title
  Discord Embedded App :badge[WIP]{type=warning}
  #description
  Users will be able to access the web interface directly from within Discord using their live activities SDK. Automatic authentication & real-time syncing mean evean easier managment.
::
