---
title: "Prerequsites"
description: "Make sure your seever is ready to run Truspondr Server"
---

# Setting Up/Prerequistes

Before deploying your Truspondr server, you need to make sure everything is set up before starting.

::callout{type=info}
#summary
**Note:** These docs primaraly focus on Truspondr Server.

#content
While there are sections for the Admin Console and Embedded App :badge[WIP]{type=warning}, anything that is not is those respective categories, is referring to managment of Truspondr Server.
::

## Terminology

To make sure you know what we're talking about, heres a quick rundown of the common words and phrases used:

| | |
| --- | --- |
| World | A world is the space where single roleplay takes place. Each roleplay is assigned to a single world. Works in a 1-to-1 model. |
| Place | One roleplay has many places, where different conversations take place. These are displayed as individual channels, and are hidden and added depending on where the roleplay is and what the admin chooses. |

## Server Prerequsites

The server you plan on deploying to must meet the following requirements, or your install may not work properly:

::list
- Running Docker 3.6 or later on a X86 CPU
- Have at least 1 CPU core
- Have at least 2GB of RAM avaliable
- Have at least 10GB of storage avaliable
::

::alert{type="info"}
:icon{name="ci:wavy-warning"} This is based on 1 server, and 3 worlds being actively played in.
::

While idling, Truspondr Server uses about 1GB of RAM, but this can increase as messages are being sent as an in-memory cache is used to store messages in real time. Resource usage can increase quickly depending on how many servers are connected, and how many worlds and characters are being used reguarly.

A good rule of thumb is that each world will use aprox. 0.5GB of RAM and 0.25 CPU cores.

::callout{type="warning"}
#summary
:icon{name="iconoir:cpu-warning"} Truspondr is not designed to scale up to more than 5-10 worlds and users. 

#content
If you need more worlds than this, Truspondr may not be the right thing for you. 

Commercial deployments of Truspondr are prohibited unless where written permisson by a majority of maintainers, even open source and free instances will not work well if scaled past more than a few servers.